Reviewed and edited README.md (#69)
heremaps/here-olp-edge-sdk-cpp: README.md

| :----------------------------- | :------------------------------ |
| Linux                          | [![Linux code coverage][5]][6]  |

[1]: https://travis-ci.com/heremaps/here-olp-edge-sdk-cpp.svg?branch=master
[2]: https://travis-ci.com/heremaps/here-olp-edge-sdk-cpp
[3]: https://dev.azure.com/heremaps/github/_apis/build/status/heremaps.here-olp-edge-sdk-cpp?branchName=master
[4]: https://dev.azure.com/heremaps/github/_build/latest?definitionId=1&branchName=master
[5]: https://codecov.io/gh/heremaps/here-olp-edge-sdk-cpp/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
[6]: https://codecov.io/gh/heremaps/here-olp-edge-sdk-cpp/

## Why Use

> The HERE OLP Edge SDK C++ provides support for core HERE Open Location Platform (OLP) use cases through a set of native C++ interfaces. The SDK is intended to save your time and effort on using OLP REST APIs and provides a set of stable APIs that simplify complex OLP operations and remove the burden of keeping up to date with the latest OLP REST API changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HERE OLP Edge SDK C++ provides support for core HERE Open Location Platform (OLP) use cases through a set of native C++ interfaces. The SDK is intended to save your time and effort on using OLP REST APIs and provides a set of stable APIs that simplify complex OLP operations and removes the burden of keeping up to date with the latest OLP REST API changes.
```

Author: I used "remove" to relate to "stable APIs" as continuation to "that simplify... and". This way, the focus is on _stability_ of APIs, not on the fact that it's a _set_ of APIs, which I believe is the case. @leonid-ziskel - Please verify if my point is correct.

Optionally, if you want to build documentation from annotated source code, you need to install [Doxygen](http://www.doxygen.nl/).

Launch Visual Studio as Administrator and open the folder containing the SDK or a CMake-based project using the SDK. Make sure that the target in Visual Studio does not contain "* (Default)". For example, select "x64-Debug" instead of "x64-Debug (Default)".
Using the provided CMake menu by the Visual C++ tools for CMake, generate the `.cmake` files and build the entire project normally.

> **Note:**
> Visual Studio uses a default build directory that has a long path name. It's recommended that you edit the generated `CMakeSettings.json` and change the build directory to a short path name, since dependencies for the SDK are installed within the build directory. This ensures that the maximum length for each individual path is not greater than 260 characters. For details, see [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/fileio/naming-a-file).

### CMake Flags

#### `BUILD_SHARED_LIBS`

(Defaults to `OFF`) If enabled, this causes all libraries to be built shared.

#### `EDGE_SDK_BUILD_DOC`

> (Defaults to `OFF`) If enabled, the API reference is generated in your build directory.

Reviewer: Should we use the same tense in all "cmake flags" paragraphs?

```suggestion
(Defaults to `OFF`) If enabled, the API reference will generate in your build directory.
```
